README.md, before:

#  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" /> &nbsp; ReactJS Course Showcase   <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" height="40" width="36"  />


## 🚧 Under Maintenance <br/><br/>
<!----------------------------------------- Description ---------------------------------------->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Symbols/Bubbles.png" alt="Bubbles" width="40" height="40" />&nbsp; Description
- Step into my GitHub repository and witness the fruits of my labor in learning ReactJS. This array of projects chronicles my journey through the course and reflects my growth as a developer.
- Each project has been carefully crafted to showcase my grasp of ReactJS concepts and best practices. Whether it's a basic application or a complex one, this repository attests to my unwavering commitment and zeal for web development.
  
>  So, delve into the repository and unearth the diverse projects I have created. I trust you'll find them informative and motivational, and I eagerly await your feedback!

<br/>

 ### _List of projects :_ 
 > ✅ React Essentials &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✅ Tic Tac Toe <br/>
 > ✅ Investment Calculator &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✅ Sign in Form <br/>
 > ✅ .... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
    
<br/>

<!--=====================  React Essentials =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; React Essentials <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
- In this project, I have utilized the fundamental concepts of ReactJS such as `Components`, `JSX`, `Props`, and `State`. The aim of this project is to demonstrate how these concepts can be effectively used in building a functional application.

- The project showcases the dynamic rendering of content and images, with separate components like Header and CoreConcept being extracted from the main App component.
- Furthermore, to enhance the flexibility of my components, I have utilized Forwarding Props (or Proxy Props) to pass down props to child components without having to manually specify each one.
- I have also implemented two JSX Slots in my components to allow for dynamic content insertion.
- Additionally, I have experimented with setting component types dynamically.
- Lastly, I have leveraged hooks like useState and passed custom arguments to Event Functions to optimize the functionality of my components.
> Overall, this project serves as a simple yet effective demonstration of the essential concepts of ReactJS. Feel free to explore the code and learn from it!

<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://react-essentials-shahram.netlify.app" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> React Essentials
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />

https://github.com/ShahramShakiba/ReactJS-Course-Showcase/assets/110089830/8442b840-a18c-4dbe-829d-c4fbfc7e8de6

  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--=====================  Tic Tac Toe =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; Tic Tac Toe <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
- Tic Tac Toe is a classic game that has been enjoyed by people of all ages for generations. It is a two-player game where each player takes turns marking a 3x3 grid with their symbol (either X or O) until one player successfully places three of their symbols in a row, column, or diagonal.
- Overall, this Tic Tac Toe application is a fun and interactive way to experience the classic game while also demonstrating my proficiency in React development.

> What Concepts Hav I Covered  <br/>
> In this project, I have undertaken an in-depth exploration of numerous key concepts :
- ✔️ Splitting Components by feature &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Reusing Components <br/>
- ✔️ Conditional Content - A Suboptimal Way Of Updating State &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️ Updating State Based On Old State &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️ Rendering Multi-Dimensional Lists &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️ Updating Object State Immutably &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Lifting State Up <br/>
- ✔️ Computed Values - Avoid Unnecessary State Management &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️  Deriving State From Props &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Sharing State Across Components <br/>
- ✔️  Lifting Computed Values Up &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ and several other concepts as well. <br/>


<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://tic-tac-toe-game-shahram.netlify.app/" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> Tic Tac Toe Game
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />

https://github.com/ShahramShakiba/ReactJS-Course-Showcase/assets/110089830/20b0bc44-1519-4882-8279-f19444a2f2ed

  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--===================== Investment Calculator =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; Investment Calculator <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
- React-powered Investment Calculator
- In this project, the website visitors can use to calculate the future value or multiple future values
  for given investment parameters.

> What Concepts Hav I Covered :  <br/>
- ✔️ Build an "Investment Calculator" Web App <br/>
- ✔️ Build, Configure & Combines Components <br/>
- ✔️ Manage Application State &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Output List & Conditional Content <br/>
- ✔️ Handling Events | Using Two-Way-Binding &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Lifting State Up <br/>
- ✔️ Computing Values | Properly Handling Number Values

<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://investment-calculator-shahram.netlify.app/" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> "Investment Calculator" Web App
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />

https://github.com/ShahramShakiba/ReactJS-Course-Showcase/assets/110089830/3a177e59-5e14-4db4-aab2-bc8c35e9ce1a


  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--=====================  SignIn-Form =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; SIGN IN FORM <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
### 🚧 Under Maintenance .... 🚧


<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> 
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />


  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--======================= Social Media ===========================-->
 ## <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Telephone.webp" alt="Telephone" width="55"  /> Find me around the Web :
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shahramshakiba/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/linkedin/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://t.me/ShahramShakibaa" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/telegram/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="telegram logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://wa.me/message/LM2IMM3ABZ7ZM1" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/whatsapp/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="whatsapp logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://instagram.com/shahram.shakibaa?igshid=MzNlNGNkZWQ4Mg==" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/instagram/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="instagram logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ShahramShakibaa" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/twitter/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="twitter logo"  />
  </a>

Commit message:

Update SIGN IN FORM README.md

README.md, after:

#  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" /> &nbsp; ReactJS Course Showcase   <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" height="40" width="36"  />


## 🚧 Under Maintenance <br/><br/>
<!----------------------------------------- Description ---------------------------------------->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Symbols/Bubbles.png" alt="Bubbles" width="40" height="40" />&nbsp; Description
- Step into my GitHub repository and witness the fruits of my labor in learning ReactJS. This array of projects chronicles my journey through the course and reflects my growth as a developer.
- Each project has been carefully crafted to showcase my grasp of ReactJS concepts and best practices. Whether it's a basic application or a complex one, this repository attests to my unwavering commitment and zeal for web development.
  
>  So, delve into the repository and unearth the diverse projects I have created. I trust you'll find them informative and motivational, and I eagerly await your feedback!

<br/>

 ### _List of projects :_ 
 > ✅ React Essentials &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✅ Tic Tac Toe <br/>
 > ✅ Investment Calculator &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✅ Sign in Form <br/>
 > ✅ .... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
    
<br/>

<!--=====================  React Essentials =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; React Essentials <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
- In this project, I have utilized the fundamental concepts of ReactJS such as `Components`, `JSX`, `Props`, and `State`. The aim of this project is to demonstrate how these concepts can be effectively used in building a functional application.

- The project showcases the dynamic rendering of content and images, with separate components like Header and CoreConcept being extracted from the main App component.
- Furthermore, to enhance the flexibility of my components, I have utilized Forwarding Props (or Proxy Props) to pass down props to child components without having to manually specify each one.
- I have also implemented two JSX Slots in my components to allow for dynamic content insertion.
- Additionally, I have experimented with setting component types dynamically.
- Lastly, I have leveraged hooks like useState and passed custom arguments to Event Functions to optimize the functionality of my components.
> Overall, this project serves as a simple yet effective demonstration of the essential concepts of ReactJS. Feel free to explore the code and learn from it!

<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://react-essentials-shahram.netlify.app" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> React Essentials
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />

https://github.com/ShahramShakiba/ReactJS-Course-Showcase/assets/110089830/8442b840-a18c-4dbe-829d-c4fbfc7e8de6

  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--=====================  Tic Tac Toe =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; Tic Tac Toe <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
- Tic Tac Toe is a classic game that has been enjoyed by people of all ages for generations. It is a two-player game where each player takes turns marking a 3x3 grid with their symbol (either X or O) until one player successfully places three of their symbols in a row, column, or diagonal.
- Overall, this Tic Tac Toe application is a fun and interactive way to experience the classic game while also demonstrating my proficiency in React development.

> What Concepts Hav I Covered  <br/>
> In this project, I have undertaken an in-depth exploration of numerous key concepts :
- ✔️ Splitting Components by feature &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Reusing Components <br/>
- ✔️ Conditional Content - A Suboptimal Way Of Updating State &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️ Updating State Based On Old State &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️ Rendering Multi-Dimensional Lists &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️ Updating Object State Immutably &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Lifting State Up <br/>
- ✔️ Computed Values - Avoid Unnecessary State Management &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br/>
- ✔️  Deriving State From Props &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Sharing State Across Components <br/>
- ✔️  Lifting Computed Values Up &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ and several other concepts as well. <br/>


<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://tic-tac-toe-game-shahram.netlify.app/" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> Tic Tac Toe Game
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />

https://github.com/ShahramShakiba/ReactJS-Course-Showcase/assets/110089830/20b0bc44-1519-4882-8279-f19444a2f2ed

  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--===================== Investment Calculator =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; Investment Calculator <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
- React-powered Investment Calculator
- In this project, the website visitors can use to calculate the future value or multiple future values
  for given investment parameters.

> What Concepts Have I Covered :  <br/>
- ✔️ Build an "Investment Calculator" Web App <br/>
- ✔️ Build, Configure & Combines Components <br/>
- ✔️ Manage Application State &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Output List & Conditional Content <br/>
- ✔️ Handling Events | Using Two-Way-Binding &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✔️ Lifting State Up <br/>
- ✔️ Computing Values | Properly Handling Number Values

<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://investment-calculator-shahram.netlify.app/" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> "Investment Calculator" Web App
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />

https://github.com/ShahramShakiba/ReactJS-Course-Showcase/assets/110089830/3a177e59-5e14-4db4-aab2-bc8c35e9ce1a


  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--=====================  SignIn-Form =============================-->
### <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Laptop.webp" alt="Laptop" width="35" height="30"  /> &nbsp; SIGN IN FORM <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" width="20"  />
> The main objective of this project is to enhance the visual appearance of "React applications" by applying various styling techniques. 
 <br/><br/> ➖ The web page is not functional as clicking "Create a new account" or "SIGN IN" does not do anything. <br/>
➖ However, entering invalid credentials will highlight the input fields with a red background color and border, indicating that conditional styles are present.

- Initially, I will utilize Vanilla CSS to style the application. <br/>

- After that, I will switch to CSS-in-JS styling using "Styled Components". <br/>

- Finally, in the last step of the project, I will modify the style of the application using Tailwind CSS. <br/>

<!-------- try it live -------->
 ### Give it a go in real-time and give me a Star <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Glowing%20Star.png" alt="Glowing Star" width="35"  />
 <a href="https://sign-in-shahram.netlify.app/" target="_blank">
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Light%20Bulb.webp" alt="Light Bulb" width="25" height="25" /> Sign in Form
</a> <br/><br/>
  
<!--------- Video --------->
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Clapper%20Board.webp" alt="Clapper Board" width="35" />


  <br/> 

 ***
 <!--======================= Social Media ===========================-->
 ## <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Telegram-Animated-Emojis/main/Objects/Telephone.webp" alt="Telephone" width="55"  /> Find me around the Web :
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/shahramshakiba/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/linkedin/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://t.me/ShahramShakibaa" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/telegram/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="telegram logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://wa.me/message/LM2IMM3ABZ7ZM1" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/whatsapp/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="whatsapp logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://instagram.com/shahram.shakibaa?igshid=MzNlNGNkZWQ4Mg==" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/instagram/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="instagram logo"  />
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ShahramShakibaa" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/twitter/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="twitter logo"  />
  </a>
